Minor improvements in the concept pages (#3399)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Concepts/About-Tf2.rst

There are essentially two main tasks that any user would use tf2 for, listening for transforms and broadcasting transforms.

If you want to use tf2 to transform between coordinate frames, your nodes will need to listen for transforms.
What you will do is receive and buffer all coordinate frames that are broadcasted in the system, and query for specific transforms between frames.

> Check out the "writing a tf2 listener" tutorial :doc:`(Python) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Listener-Py>` :doc:`(C++) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Listener-Cpp>` to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the "Writing a listener" tutorial :doc:`(Python) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Listener-Py>` :doc:`(C++) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Listener-Cpp>` to learn more.
```

To extend the capabilities of a robot, you will need to start broadcasting transforms.
Broadcasting transforms means to send out the relative pose of coordinate frames to the rest of the system.
A system can have many broadcasters that each provide information about a different part of the robot.

> Check out the "writing a tf2 broadcaster" tutorial :doc:`(Python) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Broadcaster-Py>` :doc:`(C++) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Broadcaster-Cpp>` to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the "Writing a broadcaster" tutorial :doc:`(Python) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Broadcaster-Py>` :doc:`(C++) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Broadcaster-Cpp>` to learn more.
```

In addition to that, tf2 can broadcast static transforms that do not change over time.

> This mainly saves storage and lookup time, but also the publishing overhead is improved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mainly saves storage and lookup time, but also reduces the publishing overhead.
```

> You should note that static transforms are published once and assumed to be not changing, and therefore no time history is stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should note that static transforms are published once and assumed to not change, so no history is stored.
```

> If you want to define static transforms in your tf2 tree, take a look at the "writing static tf2 broadcaster" :doc:`(Python) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Static-Broadcaster-Py>` :doc:`(C++) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Static-Broadcaster-Cpp>` tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to define static transforms in your tf2 tree, take a look at the "Writing static broadcaster" :doc:`(Python) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Static-Broadcaster-Py>` :doc:`(C++) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Writing-A-Tf2-Static-Broadcaster-Cpp>` tutorial.
```

> You can also learn how to add fixed and dynamic frames to your tf2 tree in the "adding a frame" :doc:`(Python) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Adding-A-Frame-Py>` :doc:`(C++) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Adding-A-Frame-Cpp>` tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also learn how to add fixed and dynamic frames to your tf2 tree in the "Adding a frame" :doc:`(Python) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Adding-A-Frame-Py>` :doc:`(C++) <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Tf2/Adding-A-Frame-Cpp>` tutorial.
```
